# The Whitsteen Project
A mock NFT art project featuring the work of Whitsteen.
Click [here](https://damonpickett.github.io/charles-whitsteen-project/) to view.

## Tech Stack
- React.js (front-end)
- Solidity (smart contracts)
- Hardhat (contract deployment)
- Ethers.js (allows React to communicate with blockchain)

## Overview
- I built this site to demonstrate my ability to conceptualize and execute an NFT art project. 
- Users are able to connect their Ethereum wallets and purchase NFTs. 
- Through conditional rendering in React, the 'Mint' button will not appear until the user has connected their wallet. 
- Transactions are verifiable on the [Rinkeby Testnet](https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/) and the corresponding smart contract can be viewed [here](https://rinkeby.etherscan.io/address/0x129f706Dd367D6E1aF251c6a3f89913D62e86B92). 
- The smart contract also allows for whitelisted addresses to mint NFTs within a specified timeframe requiring the user to pay only the gas fee. 
- I have set a max supply of 100 of each NFT and users are limited to a total of three per token ID (ie. a user can only purchase three of each NFT).
- Using [OpenZeppelin's](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/finance/PaymentSplitter.sol) `PaymentSplitter.sol` contract I created a `payments.sol` contract which allows me to designate addresses elligible to withdraw revenue generated by the site. Three addresses were designated with alotted shares of 30, 50, and 20.
- The NFTs are ERC1155 tokens.



## Lessons Learned
- If a contract has arguments, the arguments need to be deployed in a separate `.js` file. E.G. `paymentsArguments.js`:
```js
module.exports = [
    ['0x7c4029Baab6092FaA64465cbCdAC0D979079EB01',
    '0x9A09DcB28e2fB829DE9D4201b571Ad397fC490E6',
    '0x8C55B9bD2aF24c2f937632720E472eC0aB7D1015'
    ],
    [30, 50, 20]
];
```
and added during the verification process via CLI, after the contract has been deployed, like this:
`npx hardhat verify --contract contracts/payments.sol:payments --constructor-args paymentsArguments.js 0xDC97fa5b8Fd674D9ff5D5CB8574286d0DAbeCcBf`

Also, deploy script has to have arguments and those arguments must match the arguments script.

### Hardhat Contract Deployment and Verification via CLI

To deploy a contract via CLI, assuming your `hardhat.config` and `deploy.js` files are in order, type this:
`npx hardhat clean`
`npx hardhat compile`
`npx hardhat run scripts/[SCRIPT].js --network [NETWORK]`

To verify, enter this:
`npx hardhat verify --network [NETWORK] [CONTRACT ADDRESS]`

If you're contract imports other contracts, you'll need to enter:
`npx hardhat verify --contract [FILE PATH TO CONTRACT:NAME OF CONTRACT] [OTHER ARGUMENTS]`

If you're contract requires arguments, you'll need to create an `arguments.js` file (see above) and enter:
`npx hardhat verify --constructor-args arguments.js DEPLOYED_CONTRACT_ADDRESS`

You might need to combine the above instructions in various ways in different scenarios

rinkeby whitsteen contract: 0x129f706Dd367D6E1aF251c6a3f89913D62e86B92

rinkeby Payments.sol: 0x63115c14f666832FcAf261e159396CCf70963EDD